src/pages/artist/yeoul-son.md, before:

---
type: artist
name: Yeoul Son
title: The Tree Seeking Homeostasis
portrait: yeoul.jpg
---

*The Tree Seeking Homeostasis* is a work that creates its shape by processing data, adjusting the value of each dataset according to maintain a state of balance. Bringing together the mathematics of the Golden Mean with eastern philosophy and the virtue of the middle way, the work explores the scientific principle of homeostasis.

The installation collects water tanks and screens to depicting a series of living trees each shaped according to a unique genetic code formed by incoming real-time API data. A school of fish help to keep the tree’s homeostasis in such a way that the branches are not weighted toward one direction.

The work explores contemporary discourses about both big data and the “Anthropocene”, the geo-philosophical concept at the center of issues surrounding global climate change under the high-tech logic of late capitalism. Based on these discussions, the work expresses the relationship between competing sets of data in a way that is fluid, poetic, and open to the diverse possibilities so often overlooked when quantifying phenomena through data.

---

Yeoul Son is an interactive video and installation artist originally from South Korea, currently based in London.

For the past few years, Yeoul has been creating artwork with an interest in how technology is affecting our lives. Recently, she has become very interested in the Anthropocene era and the changes that we’re all experiencing now. There has been much discussion about the relationship between humans, technology and the environment. For Yeoul the most important factor within this ongoing debate is data. Through her artwork, she is focusing on ways of exploring and expressing the relationships between data sets, experimenting with how they can be seen differently, either as organic shapes or as algorithms.

Yeoul’s previous work includes light sculptures, where the intensity of the light varies according to data collected from contemporary issues like child mortality rates and real-time seismic conditions. By adapting stories from Chinese mythology, she has produced an animation about the evolution of technology. She has also made moving images that show how organic forms grow according to the electronic waves detected in their surroundings. Her most recent piece is a wearable sculpture with LEDs operated by solar energy batteries. She usually creates her art indoors, but for this piece, she was in the sunlight, under the sky, and talking to people, so many people.

[www.sonyeoul.com](http://www.sonyeoul.com/)

Commit message:

:memo: Add overlap meta data to each artist

src/pages/artist/yeoul-son.md, after:

---
type: artist
name: Yeoul Son
title: The Tree Seeking Homeostasis
portrait: yeoul.jpg
overlap: miduo-gao
---

*The Tree Seeking Homeostasis* is a work that creates its shape by processing data, adjusting the value of each dataset accordingly to maintain a state of balance. Bringing together the mathematics of the golden ratio with eastern philosophy and the virtue of the middle way, the work explores the scientific principle of homeostasis.

The installation collects water tanks and screens to depicting a series of living trees each shaped according to a unique genetic code formed by incoming real-time API data. A school of fish help to keep the tree’s homeostasis in such a way that the branches are not weighted toward one direction.

The work explores contemporary discourses about both big data and the “Anthropocene”, the geo-philosophical concept at the center of issues surrounding global climate change under the high-tech logic of late capitalism. Based on these discussions, the work expresses the relationship between competing sets of data in a way that is fluid, poetic, and open to the diverse possibilities so often overlooked when quantifying phenomena through data.

---

Yeoul Son is an interactive video and installation artist originally from South Korea, currently based in London.

For the past few years, Yeoul has been creating artwork with an interest in how technology is affecting our lives. Recently, she has become very interested in the Anthropocene era and the changes that we’re all experiencing now. There has been much discussion about the relationship between humans, technology and the environment. For Yeoul the most important factor within this ongoing debate is data. Through her artwork, she is focusing on ways of exploring and expressing the relationships between data sets, experimenting with how they can be seen differently, either as organic shapes or as algorithms.

Yeoul’s previous work includes light sculptures, where the intensity of the light varies according to data collected from contemporary issues like child mortality rates and real-time seismic conditions. By adapting stories from Chinese mythology, she has produced an animation about the evolution of technology. She has also made moving images that show how organic forms grow according to the electronic waves detected in their surroundings. Her most recent piece is a wearable sculpture with LEDs operated by solar energy batteries. She usually creates her art indoors, but for this piece, she was in the sunlight, under the sky, and talking to people, so many people.

[www.sonyeoul.com](http://www.sonyeoul.com/)
